docs: minor 51 notes (#49191)
metabase/metabase: docs/dashboards/interactive.md

- Go to a custom destination.
- Update a dashboard filter (if the dashboard has a filter).

> SQL questions will only have the option to **Go to a custom destination**, and **Update a dashboard filter**.

Reviewer: Why drop this explanation?

Author: Because it doesn't really make sense as an explanation anymore: we do have limited drill-through menu now, but this option is still unavailable. Maybe I can say something with the word "limited"...

For example, we could type a URL like this:

```
https://www.metabase.com/search.html?query={% raw %}{{Category}}{% endraw %}
```

> The important part is the `{% raw %}{{Category}}{% endraw %}` bit. What we’re doing here is referring to the `Category` that the user clicked on. So if a user clicks on the `Widget` bar in our chart, the value of the `Category` column for that bar (`Widget`) would be inserted into our URL: `https://www.metabase.com/search.html?query=Widget`. Your URL can use as many column variables as you want - you can even refer to the same column multiple times in different parts of the URL. Click on the dropdown menu **Values you can reference** to see your options for which variables you can include in the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The important part is the `{% raw %}{{Category}}{% endraw %}` bit. What we’re doing here is referring to the `Category` that the user clicked on. So if someone clicks on the `Widget` bar in our chart, the value of the `Category` column for that bar (`Widget`) would be inserted into our URL: `https://www.metabase.com/search.html?query=Widget`. Your URL can use as many column variables as you want - you can even refer to the same column multiple times in different parts of the URL. To see which variables you can include in the URL, click on the dropdown menu **Values you can reference**.
```
